# Week 1 Work & Goal

## 1. Environment Setups & Some Preparation  
- Installed Ubuntu 22.04.3 LTS with WSL2 
    - Open Windows Powershell with admin permission 
    - Run `wsl --install` command to install the WSL requriment and dependents, Linux kernel and the Ubuntu.
- Set Development Environment includs CUDA, VS Code with necessary plugins, Isaac Sim and PyTorch
    - VS Code: 
        - Windows: Installed from MS Store.
        - WSL: Installed with command `code`.
    - CUDA:
        - Checked the driver version of the GPU (RTX 3060 Laptop) and update the driver
        - The latest driver version is 556.12 with CUDA 12.5.
        - Installed the CUDA ToolKit 12.5 and CUDA Runtime 12.5 with open kernel module flavor.
    - Pytorch: 
        - Install Python 3 and pip with command: `sudo apt install python3-pip`
        - Install PtTorch with command: 
            ``` 
            # Stable version, pip package with CUDA 12.1
            pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio
            ```
- Tried the IS tutorial with the 1st part
---
## 2. CNN
- Reviewed some concepts of CNN that taught in IPP class
- PoseCNN
    - Not started yet, will finish this next week
- PointNet
    - Not started yet, will finish this next week
---

## 3. Difficulties
- When installing the WSL, the Linux core installation was always failed and somthing went wrong cause the BDOS. Finally tried factory reset my PC and installed the WSL successfully.
- Installed wrong version of CUDA drivers and tools while doing the installation with official guide, but finally finished the installation correctly.
- Faced problems on running the IS for tring the tutorial, but finally finished the attempt 
- The study of CNN was a little slow and would do some research and learning ASAP.
---
## 4. Future Goal for Next Week
- Fninsh CNN study and try to run a demo
- Continue to familiarise yourself with the CNN part of the system, its setup and configuration, and its logic.